r..Read, file must exist.
w..write and create file if not exist an overwrite the content present in it.
a..write but do not overwrite and create a file if it is not present.
r+..Read and write do not create a file file must exist.
w+..Read and write and create a file if it is not present and overwrite the content.
a+..Read and write and do not overwrite the content and create a file if it is not exist.


rb...These all works same as above but in case of binary only.
wb...These all works same as above but in case of binary only.
ar...These all works same as above but in case of binary only.
wb+...These all works same as above but in case of binary only.
rb+...These all works same as above but in case of binary only.
ab+...These all works same as above but in case of binary only.

FILE *fp....syntax

FILE--
It is a structure defined in stdio.h and object of file type contain file related information like-
1..Mode of opening
2..size of file
3..current file pointer
4..pointer to associated buffer
if any (read/write)
5..An error indicator
6.. an end of file indicator(EOF)

EOF---IT is a macros defined in stdio.h and check whether End of file has reached.

fopen---
fopen function returns address of the file to the file object to the pointer variable and stores file realted 
information in this file object.

fclose---
it performs 2 functions 
first-buffer would be transferred to the file and write operation is carried out.
2nd-buffer would be eliminated from the main memory and file gets closed. 


getchar---to read a single character from the user via keyboard.

fgetchar--it is not a part of c standard library.
fputchar-- it is not a standard function in c language 

putchar--write a single character to the output stream

fgetc---to read a  single character from a file used in file i/o implementation.
getc---same as fgetc but it is less safe in complex expressions.

fscanf--- read same as scanf but its do not use stdin input from keyboard like scanf its is used to read
formatted input from a file used in file i/o.

putc and fputc works same both of them print a single character to a specified  output stream but fputc is
more safer for big and complex programs.

